#compdef lncli
local -a subcmds
subcmds=('create:used to set the wallet password at lnd startup'
         'unlock:unlock encrypted wallet at lnd startup'
         'newaddress:generates a new address.'
         'sendmany:send bitcoin on-chain to multiple addresses.'
         'sendcoins:send bitcoin on-chain to an address'
         'connect:connect to a remote lnd peer'
         'disconnect:disconnect a remote lnd peer identified by public key'
         'openchannel:Open a channel to an existing peer.'
         'closechannel:Close an existing channel.'
         'listpeers:List all active, currently connected peers.'
         'walletbalance:compute and display the wallets current balance'
         'channelbalance:returns the sum of the total available channel balance across all open channels'
         'getinfo:returns basic information related to the active daemon'
         'pendingchannels:display information pertaining to pending channels'
         'sendpayment:send a payment over lightning'
         'payinvoice:pay an invoice over lightning'
         'addinvoice:add a new invoice.'
         'lookupinvoice:Lookup an existing invoice by its payment hash.'
         'listinvoices:List all invoices currently stored.'
         'listchannels:list all open channels'
         'listpayments:list all outgoing payments'
         'describegraph:describe the network graph'
         'getchaninfo:get the state of a channel'
         'getnodeinfo:Get information on a specific node.'
         'queryroutes:Query a route to a destination.'
         'getnetworkinfo:getnetworkinfo'
         'debuglevel:Set the debug level.'
         'decodepayreq:Decode a payment request.'
         'listchaintxns:List transactions from the wallet.'
         'stop:Stop and shutdown the daemon.'
         'signmessage:sign a message with the nodes private key'
         'verifymessage:verify a message signed with the signature'
         'feereport:display the current fee policies of all active channels'
         'updatefees: update the fee policy for all channels, or a single channel'
         'help:Shows a list of commands or help for one command')
_describe 'command' subcmds
